cuz you know how me wrong take it into
the sky no telling how far will go and
if they feel like this hard will say
homie I'm sorry just take it from by
male and don't worry you don't have ebro
it's hard once a home
just take it from by Molly
I then spent our that money on like gas
tax and degrees the backstage truth
makes our further pageantry so I'm on my
high horse I owe you a cavalry
right now
we in the house right now we hired me
and coming down right now get a little
money in the counts right now is it used
to be an empire right down that's why
these handsome sky right now supply
right now so let's Patrol is I thought
it was attracted to this a great agent
say it like that now just say when I hit
on math am here with you want the little
girls right back yeah they gonna be
right back and say it like that and he
made it like that so make it like that
and baby that's dad
this kind of telling how
she's taken from by my
don't worry
Oh
Kevin
you trippin full everything is alright
tonight cuz I'm the one that you looking
for and of course I know what you're
thinking cuz you obviously missed us
before just another one of those clothes
guys but I bet you never heard things
before we go you smart girl oh yeah you
smart girl or you heard that one before
we'll try this out and use your heart
girl you feel good inside our universe
could you yes you are a stark girl it
would meet you ain't gotta where we all
friend cuz this is all gets hot world if
we play it all night long late on my mom
again fight song by the beat us birthday
or worry about it later forget these
haters take like to a place that we
never been then we'll take forward a
world you just gotta tell me when will
give it back on purpose just so we can
do it again
me I'm sorry just take it from